File contains my work for solving problems from Project Euler: https://projecteuler.net/ 

Project Euler contains questions related to mathematics and programming (or combining them). The website says for each problem an effective algorithm used on a modestedly powered computer should take around one minute to compute (although developing the method to solve the algorithm might take longer to figure out). 

This repository will feature a notebook file for each individual question titled with the question number (e.g. work for question 45 is in `45.ipynb`). Each notebook will contain the question description on the original website (or a summarized version to avoid copying and pasting large values or pictures, which may be implemented later), my methodology for the problem, and the code chunks used to obtain the solution. On the occassion the problem calls for using a separate file (usually .txt), the file can be found in the `files` subdirectory with the original name as given by the website when you save it for the first time. 

Behind every problem there was testing different ideas is more code chunks, but my goal for this repo is to only include the code necessary to implement my methodology. Additionally, my solutions aren't always the most efficient method to obtain the final solution. While I may revisit problems to improve runtime or memory (in terms of big oh notation, e.g. reducing O(n^2) to O(n)), my initial priority is solving as many problems as possible. Another goal I aim for in each problem is minimizing the number of packages I use for each problem. While implementing packages would speed up problem implementation and likely save memory, my aim is to exhaust all possible options before relying on a package for computation unless the compuation isn't the focus of the problem. For example, if a problem involves using prime numbers for come calculation, it's better to use a package which already contains the prime numbers you need rather than implementing an algorithm to manually calculate them. While it's certainly possible (and easy) to generate the prime numbers, the focus of the problem isn't about generating prime numbers but rather using them for something else.